README.md, before:

# Codepath---Prework
Background color changer 
# Prework - *IOS - Background changer*

Submitted by: **Sabrina Beshir**

**IOS - Background changer** is an app that changes the background color of your IOS device  

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ x ] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [ x ] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color
 
## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
I had a challenge figuring out my errors for one of the parts of my code, but I have figured it out 
## License

    Copyright [2025] [Sabrina Beshir]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

updated readme and included my favorite app and their features, and an app idea i have

README.md, after:

# Codepath---Prework
Background color changer 
# Prework - *IOS - Background changer*

Submitted by: **Sabrina Beshir**

**IOS - Background changer** is an app that changes the background color of your IOS device  

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ x ] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [ x ] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color
 
## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)
Pinterest favorite features: 
 - visual discovery of products and ideas
 - search and explore feature to purchase new items 
Tik Tok favorite feature:
 - video editing with equipped tools 
 - audio customization for videos 
Instagram favorite features: 
 - share posts and videos 
 - connect with friends and sharing messages with each other
 
Protein Tracker App 
 An app idea that I had built, but would like to improve is a protein tracker app. 
 Even though many of these types of apps already exist, the one I had in mind would 
 be much more interactive, for more involvement in the gym community, and easier to
 use then many other tracker apps. As someone who has always wanted to be heavily
 involved in the gym, and wants to be more consious of my body and what I am 
 consuming, I thought this app would be helpful for people that are in the same
 world as me. This would allow you to tracker the amount of protein you are 
 consuming, while also allowing you to input your weight, height and many more 
 requirements you need to obtain your dream weight. You would be able to
 interact with your friends that might have different goals then you, but also 
 interact with new people that have similar goals and a similar body to you to 
 make your journey to getting your dream body more fun. 

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
I had a challenge figuring out my errors for one of the parts of my code, but I have figured it out 
## License

    Copyright [2025] [Sabrina Beshir]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
